1,"Hm? Are you talking to me? Wait, do you...understand me? No one has understood me down here for over a hundred years...it is quite pleasant to finally have a conversation with someone. I do hope you are quite well.",4
1,"I am not surprised that you do not know of me. I have learned that none of the documentation that was written during my time survived the ages. No matter, my name is Nesma. I once was a princess of Egypt who knows how long ago by now. Though I no longer go by the title of princess, for it does not hold much meaning anymore. So calling me Nesma would be just fine, dear.",2
0,"I have been here for roughly 200 years or so. You’d be surprised at how much history has occurred within this place. In fact, I was one of the very first individuals that the baron took down here. Though most of my old companions have been long deceased.",
0,"The man who put me here went on an expedition to Egypt over 200 years ago. They heard tales of my presence there and went to investigate. Once they found me and my tomb, they forced me back into my sarcophagus with fire. They locked me back in and transported me here. At the time, the only company I had was Melusine and a vampire named Allan. Neither of them, however, are in this section of the prison anymore.",
1,"Oh? You’re trying to get out of here? That is quite admirable, dear. I assume you know of the dark knight Gawain, the guard of this particular quadrant of this place. He has a password and if you figure it out, you are allowed to leave. While I don’t know all of the password, I know the first half of it.",2
1,It has something to do with an object that the guard loves very much. The first half that I know is Grapnite. I’ve heard Gawain mumbling the word to himself a few times in regards to the topic of passwords. I am quite certain that the Baron doesn’t even know about the password.,1
0,"Of course dear. I am quite happy to help you. If you do manage to get out, find a way to visit me, would you? I quite like talking to you. After all, it has been too long since I’ve been able to have a conversation like this.",
1,"Where would I go? I do not know where I am and I do not know where I would go. I cannot move freely out there. I have been within these walls for so long that there is nothing for me outside of here. I do not know what my future would hold, but it is not my escape. But once you do get out, come back someday, would you?",1
0,"You’re welcome dear. I will anticipate your arrival in the future. I quite like talking to you. After all, it has been too long since I’ve been able to have a conversation like this.",
0,"Oh? Well thank you, dear. It has been ages since someone last called me that. One does not find many admirers within a prison such as this. Though I must say, you look rather handsome too. Certainly better than the majority of those who come through here. You are a welcome sight indeed.",
0,"Alright then, I wish you well.",
